## Teaser for JAZOON'13

Alain M. Lafon, senior software engineer and consultant at Panter AG,
Zurich, lecturer at ZHAW and Zen Buddhist the rest of the day.

Phil Hofmann is senior software engineer, polyglot coder, organizer of
Pantalks and academic philosopher.

At panter we rapidly build, run and scale your business-critical,
long-lasting and effective web and mobile solutions. We leverage agile
development methodologies and cloud enabled technologies in a
results-only work environment to focus on your benefits. We pursue
excellence, practice transparency and foster education.


(161) Geek Jeopardy - A Making of

As requested by our imaginary customer, we're going to build "Geek
Jeopardy" as a desktop/mobile frontend app. Join us for a compelling
chase through the polyglot landscape of a contemproray technology
stack, accompanied by a live coding session.

On the way we'll briefly explain the employed technologies, as well as
concepts and patterns, always striving to optimize the product by
leveraging the power of the latest technologies provided by a vivid
open source community.

(162) Geek Jeopardy

Join us for session of Geek Jeopardy. Use you smartphone to join a
team and proof your geek status by answering our geeky
questions. We'll use the code developed earlier during the live coding
session.

## Frontendconf Talk Proposal

Alain M. Lafon, senior software engineer and consultant at Panter AG,
Zurich, lecturer at ZHAW and Zen Buddhist the rest of the day.

Phil Hofmann, senior software engineer at Panter AG, Zurich, coder of
many languages, organizer of Pantalks and academic philosopher.

We've all been in that situation: Imagine, one of your best clients
comes up with a new idea, including some fancy features for which the
latest technology just came in time to make it work, but as always the
customer needs everything ready for production yesterday.

Part tech talk, part story, the presentation will be a compelling
chase through the polyglot landscape of a contemproray technology
stack, accompanied by a live coding session.

As requested by our customer, we'll build "Geek Jeopardy" as two
frontend apps. After deployment we'll invite the audience to take
part, so that the app will run on hundreds of different mobile devices
using realtime technology to ensure great and enganging gameplay.


At the end of the talk we'll invite the audience to the Frontendconf
party and to join us there for a session of "Geek Jeopardy", at Colab
Zurich.



## Notes

* https://github.com/jakesgordon/javascript-state-machine
